hey guys it's caitlin and marissa and
today we're going to be doing our
februari Q&A so without further ado
Marissa is gonna go first yeah so first
my question is from Ethan l Sam and he
asks if they had a horrendous install
would you get it a heating of corn
because Marines don't bootiful I'm
actually in reality I probably just
wouldn't because I mean maybe for like
maybe one video it would be cool but
like any other video I feel like it just
wouldn't work out very well my second
question is from forever love a jeans
and she asks if you can make a doll
based on any celebrity who would it be I
was vegan based off of Jennifer Lawrence
just because like Jennifer Lawrence is
like really pretty and also her hair is
really unique and I don't think I mean
doll has that sort of hair my third
question is from nat cat AG and she asks
if you could make slashes are in the
girl of the year 2016 what would she
look like and what would her story be
okay so me and caitlin have talked about
this before and um one of our ideas is
one that would have liked the cousins
collection and it would be me and
caitlin basically it's like well we
would like like musical theater that
kind of thing and then like also like I
used to rock climb so like I think a
rock climbing doll would be really cool
that would be such a cool prop for
American got to have yeah and then like
I think like what she would look like I
think maybe gray eyes since Molly's now
retired and like she was the only doll
with grey eyes and then probably like
red hair my fourth question is from the
kit kittredge show and she asks what is
your favorite my American girl girl here
and historical that you do not have so
my favorite minor girl that I don't have
his own with short hair freckles and
brown eyes my favorite girl the year
that I don't have is probably Kanani and
my favorite historical that I don't have
I think maybe oh really no um probably
Caroline my next question is from BC
Place and she asks which of your own set
of dolls is your favorite my favorites
all that I have is for filming fullest
because she like she's really good for
photo cheesy stuff but my favorite doll
I have right now is probably Topanga and
that's probably because I just got her
so my first question is from dolly
siblings and she asked which one of
Marissa's dolls is your favorite and why
the answer to that is probably Topanga
because I really like her hair and it's
Topanga so my second question is from AG
dolls down under and she asked do you
want the girl the year years to be
available again totes mcgoats my friends
because it stinks that the girl the
years are done after one year because
like their collections are good like I
have to admit the girls of the years
like the past couple years I haven't
been the best but I really want to get
Kanani and of course punany is gone and
she's not coming back so I think it
would be like a good idea for American
girl to take like one year instead of
like making a new girl year they could
just bring back a couple of the girl
years and then they could have all those
I think that would be a good idea
although that would be a lot of
merchandise to make but I think that
that would be really a really good idea
my next question is from AG friends and
she asked do you like filming your
videos and do you like my videos so
first off of course we like filming our
videos because if we didn't like filming
our videos we probably still wouldn't be
making them but yes we really enjoy
filming our videos and filming together
and we love your videos we actually just
subscribed to your channel we think that
your videos are really really cool my
fourth question is from magic waffle
studios and she asked what is your
favorite color combo and my favorite
color combo is probably pink and green
like a watermelon so my fifth and final
question of this Q&A is from raccoon
1820 and she asked if you could only
have one of your dolls but still have
all of your outfits or all of your dolls
but only two different outfits for each
doll which would you choose i would say
i would he
all my dolls and only have two different
outfits for each doll because that's
still quite a bit of dolls because I
have eight dolls so that would be two
outfits for at all which means i would
have 16 outfits I can do math Marissa
really thank you guys for watching and
for next month's cuny we're going to be
doing something a little different for
next month's cute a you are going to be
commenting down below on this video
dares and challenges for us to do for
next month Q&A they can range from
anything from prank calling one of our
friends to like running around a store i
don't know they can be anything you want
but you have to kind of remember Morris
and I don't show our faces because we're
not comfortable with that so that kind
of has to be kept in mind so we can't do
everything but most things I think we're
gonna be able to do yeah alright so that
is it for this month Q&A don't forget to
comment down below some dares and
challenges and we'll see you guys next
month
yes Maxwell yeah not right now buddy i
am filming a video oh